It's important to remember our physical health affects our mental health and vice-versa.  What we do to our bodies makes a big difference to how we feel.  Physical activity, diet, alcohol, smoking and drugs can all affect our mental health  and well-being in different ways, so let's talk about them.  Physical activity releases feel-good hormones called endorphins, which help us sleep and  feel better.  It also improves our physical fitness, which tends to make people feel better in general.  Physical activity releases feel-good hormones called endorphins, which help us sleep and feel better.  Even small amounts of regular physical activity can improve your mental well-being,  especially if it's doing something you enjoy.  Physical activity is even a recommended treatment for some types of depression.  You can get active at your own pace in your own way.  There's no need to join a gym or even spend any money.  Simple small changes in our day-to-day can make all the difference,  taking a brisk walk at lunchtime or walking to get where we're going,  getting active in the garden or cycling once or twice a week at great-off.  If there's a type of activity you use to enjoy, think about how you could pick it up again.  For example, there are lots of local groups and sports teams open to all levels of ability.  What's more, studies show that time in green spaces is beneficial.  So head to your local park if you can.  If you need a little help fitting more physical activity into your day, try the active 10 app.  It helps you get short bursts of wrist walking into your day.  There's also the fantastic couch to 5K app.  which will get you up and running in just nine weeks.  Eating better can play a big role in our health and wellbeing.  It won't come as a surprise to learn that what we eat and how much  plays a big part in our physical health which can impact our mental health too.  Ideally we should aim to eat a healthy balanced diet with plenty of fruit and veg.  It's important to give an eye on your calories and minimize foods that are high in sugar, fat and salt.  For helpful tips on eating a better diet, check out the...  one new website.  Alcohol caffeine tobacco and even drugs  may seem tempting when we're stressed or tired  and when we use them to try and cope,  the idea of stopping them  can feel like it would make things even harder,  but they can cause more problems than they solve,  especially long-term.  All these habits can complicate our sleep patterns  and affect our anxious and depressed we feel,  so try cutting down or even quitting  and remember that their support available,  alcohol and...  particular can worsen our mood. So cutting down can really help us feel better.  For more help cutting down you can download the Drink Free Days app  and for help cutting back on drugs, visit the talk to Frank website.  As for cigarettes, stopping smoking is one of the best things you can do for your body  and your brain. You'll breathe easier, feel better, and save money.  Check out NHS.uk-smokefree for advice and support on quitting,  whatever you choose to do.  What's good for your body? It's good for your mind.